feat: Tooltips for preferences (#8919)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

# Boolean attributes:
tip "This outfit is considered an atrocity."
	`Governments that scan for illegal goods will attack you upon discovering this item in your possession in space, or arrest you if found when landed.`

# Controls
tip `Reverse`
	`Turn opposite to the flight direction (or use reverse engines if you have them installed). Combine with <shift> key to stop your ship.`

# Settings
tip "Automatic aiming"
	`Automatically turn your ship towards your target to aim fixed weapons.`

tip "Automatic firing"
	`Automatically fire your guns, turrets, or all weapons if your enemy is reachable.`

tip "Flagship flotsam collection"

> 	`Control if your flagship can pick up cargo floating in space.`

Reviewer: Needs to be updated after 345dade.

# Boolean attributes:
tip "This outfit is considered an atrocity."
	`Governments that scan for illegal goods will attack you upon discovering this item in your possession in space, or arrest you if found when landed.`

# Controls
tip `Reverse`
	`Turn opposite to the flight direction (or use reverse engines if you have them installed). Combine with <shift> key to stop your ship.`

# Settings
tip "Automatic aiming"
	`Automatically turn your ship towards your target to aim fixed weapons.`

tip "Automatic firing"

> 	`Automatically fire your guns, turrets, or all weapons if your enemy is reachable.`

Reviewer 2: This does not include secondary weapons.
```suggestion
	`Automatically fire your primary weapons if your enemy is within the weapon's range.`
```

tip "Flotsam collection"
	`Control which of your ships can pick up cargo floating in space.`

tip "System map sends move orders"

> 	`Right-click on a spot in the orbits view to send your escort there.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	`Right-click on a location in the system mini-map on the galaxy map to send your escort to that location in the selected system.`
```
